Write down the system requirements and a small system diagram (#56)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/Projects/LLM-Benchmarks/index.md

# LLM Benchmarks

This document contains the design decisions behind the LLM Benchmarks the architectural diagrams and the technical
solution can be found [here](https://github.com/MinBZK/llm-benchmark).

The requirements of the solution are:

> - People should be able to run the LLM Benchmark system locally

Reviewer: What does locally mean? On their machine or on a organizational resource?

Author: Within their internal company network, as some governmental deparment would have stricter network policies specifically for data

Reviewer 2: To me, locally implies 'on my own machine'. To avoid confusion, I'd take Berry's comment and do something like:
```suggestion
- People should be able to run the LLM Benchmark system on the company's (internal) organizational resources
```

    - When the BIO does not allow the model to leave the digital organizational boundary

>     - Locally we have to get the hash of the model as a version stamp

Reviewer: I think this is a requirement: We should be able to version the model

Author: agree

>     - Most likely this will be a containerized version of the solution

Reviewer: I would stay away from suggestions like Containerization in the requirements.

Author: Yeah this is just a thought to get out of my head for the discussion

> - There should be an online version hosted by the ai-validation team for easy access and to promote transparency

Reviewer 2: Is this a requirement to host the LLM Becnhmark or the model? I understand you'd want to host the benchmark, but I think an LLM model could be accessible through an API as well?

    - This should be scalable as downloading models and verifying them could take a long time especially when supplying
    many people

> - The preferable entrance would be that people have their model versioned through version control and published via

Author: We can make this more general indeed, that we provide an URL to both the version management of the model as an URL or otherway to promote the benchmark results to when finished

the [Dutch Algorithm Register](https://algoritmes.overheid.nl/nl)
    - In this way people would only need to provide the link to the model on the register and our solution would do the
    rest, the results of the benchmarks would also be posted on the Algorithm Register

> - The LLM Benchmarks system does not store any data long-term, the benchmark results and models are stored at the

Reviewer: This requirement is a question i think. We might want to consided storing the results and add authentication & Authroization for individuals to access the reports generated.

Author: True!

Algorithm Register

> - An open LLM Benchmark dashboard like [Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/open_llm_leaderboard)

Reviewer: The algorithm Register is very specific for the dutch Government.

Author: Agree, as above wanted to make some assumptions to start the discussion
